hey guys it's Kelly um making this video
because i'm going to be having another
contest probably starting within the
next week or two so I'm just kind of
going to give a breakdown as at the
moment for what I want it's going to be
a little different this time if you guys
have watched any of my recent tutorials
I've got a Phoenix one poison ivy sexy
alien spring nadas autumn goddess
anyways along those lines it's using
either face paints or you can use your
eye shadows or whatever kind of make if
you want and I would like either a
quarter face a half face or a full face
but you have to have makeup physically
on your face so like I shadows blushes
whenever you want to use lipsticks to
create some kind of look there's not I
don't have a look in mind you guys can
choose whatever you want either you can
use a picture for inspiration or you can
think of something out of your head
whatever you want I mean you could do
but it's more like a Halloween like
something you would wear it for
Halloween so like skull makeup or
vampire um anything else you can think
of fairy looks whatever um
what else one entry per person
it doesn't have to be a step-by-step
tutorial of you like on video I do want
to know I do want to live video with you
talking listing the products that you
used where you drew your inspiration
from and how you felt being that
creative with your makeup so just kind
of like because I know the first time I
kind of ventured out and did so I you
know kind of something weird with my
makeup was when I did the mermaid look
which is one of my first videos that i
uploaded here and it's super fun so
gratifying being able to do something
else with your eyeshadows than just
putting them on your eyes so I just want
to see you know what kind of feeling you
guys got got out of this is something
that you're interested in is it
something that you might be doing more
videos of in the future that sort of
stuff for this contest there will be a
prize again it's going to be a small
prize I'm probably going to give away a
mac pigment um
it'll probably be a pigment of your
choice as long as I can find it so
that'll be the prize that's pretty much
it I'm strapped for cash guys I don't
have a job so I can't be like giving out
300 hours of the prizes that's just not
I would love to but I can't so yeah
that'll be the prize is a mac pigment of
your choice or will it give you anything
you do Matt pigment Mac I'll do mac
paint pigment mac paint pot or mac
eyeshadow it also be easy three that you
could choose from mmm it's pretty much I
just had a green look guys it's going to
do is torial on it but then I was like
and I don't know so I'll just list what
I have on I've got bitter on my inner
corners next to that
get it opened I have this screen on dirt
on your wheels palette and then after
that I have this screen which is one of
the ones that shipped during shipping
that's on my outer corners I have naked
pigment as a highlighter I have a
combination of hip pneus and fashion
frenzy blush on I have my mineralize
skinfinish in warmed not toys in
lipstick with sugar high or sorry slice
of heaven sugar high slice of heaven
victoria secret lip gloss on top
LashBlast mascara and just basic black
kohl liner um my hair's kind of looking
crazy
yeah sighs my hair's getting long but I
wanted like super long like I want my
hair down to like my ass I'm hoping I'll
get there someday anyways that's the
kind of the breakdown on the contest so
over the rules again just by like to
talk and I'm chatting when I trooper
person oh I didn't put a deadline i'm
going to start the contest march let's
say March fifteenth and I'm going to run
it till April fifteenth and I will
announce the winner probably within
three days after that cuz I like to have
three days to get stuff organized and
have time to look at the entries and
judge and think about stuff or whatever
again it has to be quarter phase half
face or full face but at me at least
quarter face with your makeup you can
check out my videos for inspiration
cosmic inspired look poison ivy Phoenix
inspired look whatever you want I
wouldn't like you to duplicate one of my
looks at this time I might have a
contest in the future something like
that but right now I want something that
comes out of your own head you can use a
picture as inspiration from google or or
wherever but we're looking towards more
something you would wear out for
Halloween this is not something you
would wear it to the bar obviously use
whatever you want go crazy glitters
crystals body paints I shadows lipsticks
plushies anything that you can possibly
think of an awesome place to get little
tidbits for stuff like that it's the
dollar store you can get fake flowers
there that's where i got all my IV for
my poison ivy look I've gotten lots of
sparkles there I got my gems there so
it's good for stuff like that um
and also I want to hear where you drew
your inspiration from or if it came out
of your head and how you felt doing it
as far as did you like it what you be
doing it again in the future did you
feel that you were successful at it Jana
Jana Jana and a video of you stating
what you used on your face all the
products we going to list your
foundation basic stuff but I want to
know any color that's on your face
lipstick blush paints I shadow whatever
color I want to know the color I don't
need to enter mascara or your foundation
or anything like that um so yeah guys
that's pretty much it I might be doing
one more tutorial tonight um and yeah
let's pretty much it I got nothing guys
so hope you guys have an awesome night
and looking forward to seeing the
entries into my contest and good luck to
every